The purpose of this project is to provide a very light weght ESB application. The ESB will support SOAP,XML,JSON over HTTP(s), TCP or Socket, JDBC and SFTP. 

The application will be fully configurable when a new service is required.

Say for instance, 

We need to expose a REST/XML service, this services will receive a custome payload, with objects and lists, all configurable.

Our ESB will be structured into two logical parts, business and technical.

The business logical part will do validation, authentication and authorization. The three will be configured in the database.

For example, 

Our above service will have basic authentication

All the inputs are mandatory, some will have legth check, reasonability check and range check.

Once the business logic is satisfied, the message will be droped in ActiveMQ "RequestQueue"

The second layer, which we will name as technical will do the actual business logic.

This can be, 

0. Configure a service, say sync or async, for async you should provide a callback endpoint and configure a callback response template.
1. Transformation as configured.
2. Enrichment etc.
3. Interacting with provider or just doing some transformation , say, transform the request into somegthing else like; given a json, give me a SOAP as per the specs configured in db.
4. Calling another endpoint, the provider.
5. Querying a database - at service level this and above 3 will be configured. For instance we will specify db type, say Postgres, connection string, poll size etc.
6. Send request to the provider, get response, trasform to the desired output.
7. Technical to drop the response in "ResponseQueue"
8. Business to pick and send back to the caller.

This ESB will be driven by congigurable templates, infact, every part will be configurable.


When there is a need for integration, no form of development will be required.

That said, the design of the application must be smart so that in future we don't have to find a need for code change, mostly due to some unforeseen requirements.

The ESB will depend much on redis mem db for configurations.

That said and done, our slogan is.

Design, Design, Code

Sample Requirement.

1. I want to configure a REST XML service,async, that will receive the below XML, "with dynamic ojects and lists"
2. Since the service is async, we will send an ack 
3. Transform the request into a delimited string as per a configure template.
4. respond back via the callback with a JSON object conating the delimited sring. the JSSOn response will be as per a cgigured template.
  

